# Copyright (c) 2009 Tad Thorley
#
# Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
# obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
# files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without 
# restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
# copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or 
# sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
# Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
# conditions:
# 
# The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
# included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
# EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
# OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
# NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
# HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
# WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
# FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
# OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

h2. Adventure

I wanted to create a site that allowed a select group of authors write 
something like the choose-your-own-adventure books I enjoyed as a kid.

h3. Requirements

* Framework: sinatra
* Interface: haml
* ORM: datamapper
* Database: sqlite3

You'll need the following gems: sinatra, haml, dm-core, do_sqlite3

h3. Setup

Initially, you'll need to create the database file in the "data" directory:
@sqlite3 production.db < schema.sql@

If you want to run tests:
@sqlite3 test.db < schema.sql@

h3. Execution

1. @ruby adventure.rb@
2. open a browser to @localhost:4567@